{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;\red247\green247\blue247;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9180\viewh11040\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Intro to Big Data: Quiz \
Why Big Data and Where Did it Come From?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\f1\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 1.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Which of the following is an example of big data utilized in action today?\cb1 \
\
\cb3 The Internet\cb1 \
\
\cb3 (answer) Social Media\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Wi-Fi Networks\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Individual, Unconnected Hospital Databases\cb1 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 2.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 What reasoning was given for why the data storage to price ratio is relevant to big data?\cb1 \
\
\cb3 (NOT) Companies can't afford to own, maintain, and spend the energy to support large data storage unless the cost is sufficiently low.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 (ANSWER) Access of larger storage becomes easier for everyone, which means client-facing services require very large data storage.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 It isn't, it was just an arbitrary example on big data usage.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Larger storage means easier accessibility to big data for every user because it allows users to download in bulk.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 3.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 What is the best description of personalized marketing enabled by big data?\cb1 \
\
\cb3 (ANSWER) Being able to use the data from each customer for marketing needs.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Being able to obtain and use customer information for specific groups and utilize them for marketing needs.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 (NOT) Marketing to each customer on an individual level and suiting to their needs.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 4.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Of the following, which are some examples of personalized marketing realted with big data?\cb1 \
\
\cb3 (ANSWER) Google ordering ads to show items based on recent and past search results.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 A survey that asks your age and markets to you a specific brand.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 News outlets gathering information from the internet in order to report them to the public.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 5.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 What is the workflow for working with big data?\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Theory -> Models -> Precise Advice\cb1 \
\
\cb3 (ANSWER) Big Data -> Better Models -> Higher Precision\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Extrapolation -> Understanding -> Reproducing\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 6.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Which is the most compelling reason why mobile advertising is related to big data?\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Mobile advertising allows massive cellular/mobile texting to a wide audience, thus providing large amounts of data.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Mobile advertising in and of itself is always associated with big data.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 (ANSWER) Mobile advertising benefits from data integration with location which requires big data.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 (NOT) Since almost everyone owns a cell/mobile phone, the mobile advertising market is large and thus requires big data to contain all the information.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 7.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 What are the three types of diverse data sources?\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Information Networks, Map Data, and People\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Sensor Data, Organizational Data, and Social Media\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Machine Data, Map Data, and Social Media\cb1 \
\
\cb3 (ANSWER) Machine Data, Organizational Data, and People\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 8.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 What is an example of machine data?\cb1 \
\
\cb3 (ANSWER) Weather station sensor output.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Sorted data from Amazon regarding customer info.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Social Media\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 9.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 What is an example of organizational data?\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Satellite Data\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Social Media\cb1 \
\
\cb3 (ANSWER) Disease data from Center for Disease Control.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 10.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Of the three data sources, which is the hardest to implement and streamline into a model?\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Machine Data\cb1 \
\
\cb3 (ANSWER) People\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Organizational Data\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 11.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Which of the following summarizes the process of using data streams?\cb1 \
\
\cb3 (ANSWER) Integration -> Personalization -> Precision\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420
\cf2 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 (NOT) Big Data -> Better Models -> Higher Precision\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420
\cf2 \cb3 Theory -> Models -> Precise Advice\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Extrapolation -> Understanding -> Reproducing\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 12.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Where does the real value of big data often come from?\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Size of the data.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 (ANSWER) Combining streams of data and analyzing them for new insights.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420
\cf2 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Using the three major data sources: Machines, People, and Organizations.\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420
\cf2 \cb3 (NOT) Having data-enabled decisions and actions from the insights of new data.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 13.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 What does it mean for a device to be "smart"?\cb1 \
\
\cb3 (ANSWER) Collect data and services autonomously.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 (NOT) Having a specific processing speed in order to keep up with the strain of data processing.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 (NOT) Must have a way to interact with the user.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 14.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 What does the term "in situ" mean in the context of big data?\cb1 \
\
\cb3 In the situation\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Accelerometers.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 The sensors used in airplanes to measure altitude.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 (ANSWER) Bringing the computation to the location of the data.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 15.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Which of the following are 
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 NOT
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  the reasons mentioned for why data generated by people are hard to process?\cb1 \
\
\cb3 (ANSWER) They cannot be modeled and stored.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Skilled people to analyze the data are hard to come by.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 The velocity of the data is very high.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Very unstructured data.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 16.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 What is the purpose of retrieval and storage; pre-processing; and analysis in order to convert multiple data sources into valuable data?\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Since the multi-layered process is built into the Neo4j database connection.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Designed to work like the ETL process.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 To enable ETL methods.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 (ANSWER) To allow scalable analytical solutions to big data.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 17.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Which of the following are 
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 NOT
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  the benefits for organization generated data?\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Better Profit Margins\cb1 \
\
\cb3 (ANSWER) High Velocity\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Customer Satisfaction\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420
\cf2 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Improved Safety\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420
\cf2 \cb3 Higher Sales\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 18.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 What are data silos and why is it bad?\cb1 \
\
\cb3 A giant centralized database to house all the data produces within an organization. Bad because it is hard to maintain as highly structured data.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 (ANSWER) Data produced from an organization that is spread out. Bad because it creates unsynchronized and invisible data.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 A giant centralized database to house all the data production within an organization. Bad because it hinders opportunity for data generation.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Highly unstructured data. Bad because it does not provide meaningful results for organizations.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 19.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Which of the following are 
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 NOT
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  benefits of data integration?\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Monitoring of data.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Increase data availability.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 (NOT) Reduce data complexity.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Unify your data system.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Increase data collaboration.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Adds value to big data.\cb1 \
}