{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9180\viewh11040\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Intro to Big Data: Quiz \
Foundations for Big Data\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\f1\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 1.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Which of the following is the best description of why it is important to learn about the foundations in big data?\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Understanding of practical concepts in Hadoop allows solid foundation.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 (ANSWER)Foundations allow understanding of practical concepts in Hadoop.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Foundations stand the test of time.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 (NOT)Since foundations can be retained for a long time, Hadoop should be learned.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 2.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 What is the benefit of a commodity cluster?\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Prevents individual component failures.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Prevents network connection failure.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 (ANSWER)Enables fault tolerance.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Much faster than a traditional super computer.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 3.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 What is a way to enable fault tolerance?\cb1 \
\
\cb3 (NOT)Distributed Computing\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Better LAN Connection\cb1 \
\
\cb3 System Wide Restart\cb1 \
\
\cb3 (ANSWER)Data-Parallel Job Restart\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 4.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 What is 
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 NOT
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  a benefit specific to a distributed file system?\cb1 \
\
\cb3 High Fault Tolerance\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Data Scalability\cb1 \
\
\cb3 High Concurrency\cb1 \
\
\cb3 (ANSWER)Large Storage\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 5.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Which of the following is
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  NOT 
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 a general requirement for a programming language in order to support big data models?\cb1 \
\
\cb3 (NOT)Handle Fault Tolerance\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Optimization of Specific Data Types\cb1 \
\
\cb3 (NOT)Enable Adding of More Racks\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Support Big Data Operations\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Utilize Map Reduction Methods\cb1 \
}