{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9180\viewh11040\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Intro to Big Data: Quiz \
V for the Five V\'92s of Big Data\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\f1\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 1.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Amazon has been collecting review data for a particular product. They have realized that almost 90% of the reviews were mostly a 5/5 rating. However, of the 90%, they realized that 50% of them were customers who did not have proof of purchase or customers who did not post serious reviews about the product. Of the following, which is true about the review data collected in this situation?\cb1 \
\
\cb3 High Valence\cb1 \
\
\cb3 (ANSWER) Low Veracity\cb1 \
\
\cb3 High Volume\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Low Volume\cb1 \
\
\cb3 High Veracity\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Low Valence\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 2.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 As mentioned in the slides, what are the challenges to data with high valence?\cb1 \
\
\cb3 (ANSWER) Complex Data Exploration Algorithms\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Difficult to Integrate\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Reliability of Data\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 3.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Which of the follow is 
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 NOT
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0  one of the 6 V's in big data?\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Veracity\cb1 \
\
\cb3 (NOT) Variety\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Value\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Velocity\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Valence\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Volume\cb1 \
\
\cb3 (ANSWER)Vision\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 4.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 What is the veracity of big data?\cb1 \
\
\cb3 (ANSWER)The abnormality or uncertainties of data.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 The speed at which data is produced.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 The size of the data.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 The connectedness of data.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 5.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 What are the challenges of data with high variety?\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Hard in utilizing group event detection.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Hard to perform emergent behavior analysis.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 (ANSWER) Hard to integrate.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 The quality of data is low.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 6.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Which of the following is the best way to describe why it is crucial to process data in real-time?\cb1 \
\
\cb3 (NOT)More accurate.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 (NOT)More expensive to batch process.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Batch processing is an older method that is not as accurate as real-time processing.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Prevents missed opportunities.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 7.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 What are the challenges with big data that has high volume?\cb1 \
\
\cb3 (NOT) Effectiveness and Cost\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Speed Increase in Processing\cb1 \
\
\cb3 (ANSWER)Cost, Scalability, and Performance\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Storage and Accessibility\cb1 \
}